Terms of Service Agreement
1.	Agreement to Terms of Service
By downloading or otherwise using PokeWhere (the “App”) you agree to these Terms of Service (the “Terms”) and be bound by it. This App is published by or on behalf of Vylar Proprietary Limited (the “Company”) a Proprietary Limited Company registered in Sydney, Australia under ABN 28604308054.
2.	Responsibility of the App
You acknowledge that this Agreement is entered into by and between you and the Company, and not with any other third party. You understand that the App is the sole responsibility of the Company and no other third party.
3.	Changes
The Company reserves the right to update, revise, supplement and otherwise modify this Agreement from time to time. Any such changes to this Agreement will be effective immediately. You are encouraged and responsible to review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not wish to accept any changes, immediately uninstall and discontinue using the App. Your continued use of the App constitutes your acceptance of those changes.
4.	Disclaimer and Liability
You acknowledge that the use of the App is at your own risk. You acknowledge that in no event shall the Company be liable for any lost data or content, lost assets, technical failures, business interruption or for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages arising out of or relating to the services that the App provided by the Company even if the Company has been advised of the possibilities of such damages, and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. 
5.	Termination
You acknowledge that the Company reserves the full right to suspend, discontinue, enhance, update or otherwise modify the App, or its availability to you at any time without notice. Upon termination of the App or the uninstallation of the App by you, the Company is not responsible for any refunds, liabilities or any lost data or content, lost assets, technical failures, business interruption or for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages arising out of or relating to the services that the App provided by the Company even if the Company has been advised of the possibilities of such damages, and notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. 
